# Top News Headlines

_Updated: 2026-02-22 01:54_

- Blizzard, winter storm warnings issued, could be biggest in decade | Live updates - ABC7 New York
- Blizzard Warning at the shore as storm set to bring heavy snow to Philadelphia region | Live Updates - 6abc Philadelphia
- Trump approves federal emergency declaration for Potomac River sewage spill - The Guardian
- Former top general calls military's removal of trans troops a costly mistake - NPR
- Vietnam Veterans sue to block proposed 'Independence Arch' near Arlington National Cemetery - NPR
- A high-stakes State of the Union just got harder for Trump - Politico
- Powerful coastal storm to bring snow, wind to D.C. area; worst Sunday night - The Washington Post
- White House dinner closes a turbulent week for governors in Washington - AP News
- Trump is betting on DeSantis’ college oversight revamp. It’s shaping up to be a red-state revolution. - Politico
- A Far-Right Activist’s Killing Deepens Divisions in France - The Wall Street Journal
- Israeli strikes kill at least 10 in Lebanon, officials say - BBC
- Gisèle Pelicot Survived Mass Rape. Now She’s Looking to the Future. - The New York Times
- 'Given a gun and sent to die': Kenyans lured to fight for Russia in Ukraine - NPR
- JPMorgan Admits It Shut Trump’s Accounts After Jan. 6 Capitol Attack - The New York Times
- Mark Zuckerberg’s entourage threatened with contempt for wearing Meta AI glasses into a no-recording courtroom - Yahoo
- Depleted Savings and Plummeting Sales: The American Casualties of Trump’s Tariffs - The Dispatch
- China showcases martial arts robots. Should Europe be worried? - Euronews.com
- A Mystery Phone, Found in the Desert, Slowly Reveals Its Secrets - CNET
- Anniversary: The Legend Of Zelda Turns 40 Today - How Did You First Play It? - Nintendo Life
- Why people are buying iPods again - Axios