# Top News Headlines

_Updated: 2026-02-17 01:01_

- US build-up of warships and fighter jets tracked near Iran - BBC
- Judge orders restoration of Philadelphia slavery exhibits - Politico
- With Latest Rollback, the U.S. Essentially Has No Clean-Car Rules - The New York Times
- What's open and closed on Presidents Day 2026? Here's what to expect on the federal holiday. - CBS News
- 2026 Year of the Fire Horse: Lunar New Year horoscopes for every zodiac sign - New York Post
- Yikes! Snow Expected Earlier, Falling Lower as Major Winter Storm Hits Interior Humboldt and Beyond Tonight - Redheaded Blackbelt
- How the H-1B Visa Debate Is Driving a Wave of Racism Against South Asians - The New York Times
- Iran meets UN nuclear watchdog in Geneva ahead of a second round of US talks - AP News
- Aliens are ‘real,’ Obama says, as Washington shrugs - The Washington Post
- Parents opt kids out of school computers, insisting on pen and paper instead - NBC News
- Russia accused of killing Navalny with dart frog toxin. What we know about the rare poison - Axios
- Online activity of Canada school shooter shows a fascination with mass violence and violent content, expert says - CBS News
- Rage. Grief. Anxiety. The New Mood in Iran. - The New York Times
- Student death puts French far-left under pressure - BBC
- Ford is asking the Trump Administration to allow Chinese EV tech in the US - Electrek
- His Foundation Could Rank Among America's Largest - Newser
- Robots and Draco Malfoy: How China is celebrating the Year of the Horse - NBC News
- Japan's economy avoids technical recession, but fourth-quarter rebound misses expectations - CNBC
- Galaxy Buds 4 Pro Retail Listing Shows Images and Features - SammyGuru
- iOS 27 'Rave' Update to Clean Up Code, Could Boost Battery Life - MacRumors