# Top News Headlines

_Updated: 2025-10-25 16:48_

- How Trump’s ballroom will dwarf the White House - The Washington Post
- Trump's halt of US-Canada trade talks could impact these prices - ABC News - Breaking News, Latest News and Videos
- Can DoD use private funds to pay troops during shutdown? - Federal News Network
- Keeping the House Absent, Johnson Marginalizes Congress and Himself - The New York Times
- Trade tensions hang over Trump's Asia trip, but he still aims to make a deal - NPR
- Exclusive: USDA says it can't use emergency funds for food stamps - Axios
- Trump was planning to send troops to San Francisco. Now he’s not. Here’s why | Joe Eskenazi - The Guardian
- The shutdown layoffs at health agencies followed a familiar, DOGE pattern - Politico
- An Obamacare Hot Spot Where Price Spikes Pose an Outsized Threat - The New York Times
- Pentagon deploys top aircraft carrier as Trump militarisation of Caribbean ratchets up - The Guardian
- Russian missile and drone attacks kill 4 in Ukraine as Zelenskyy pleads for air defense - AP News
- US and China Begin Trade Talks in Malaysia to Ease Tensions - Bloomberg.com
- Presidents Are Limited to Two Terms. He’s Running for His Fourth. - The New York Times
- Tropical Storm Melissa expected to explode into a Category 4 hurricane and could bring catastrophic impact to Jamaica - CNN
- A Gold Crash Everyone Saw Coming Lures Bargain Hunters Worldwide - Bloomberg.com
- JPMorgan is stuck paying for Charlie Javice's legal fees. The bank says her $115 million bill is 'patently excessive and egregious' - businessinsider.com
- David Ellison Is Moving Fast and Spending Big to Remake Hollywood - The Wall Street Journal
- US beef prices are soaring. Will Trump's plans lower them? - BBC
- Samsung Galaxy XR vs Apple Vision Pro: Comparing specs and price - Mashable
- Microsoft's Halo series heading to rival PlayStation - BBC