# Top News Headlines

_Updated: 2026-01-07 15:26_

- DHS wants Venezuelans to return home, but fears remain as long as Maduro regime is in power - NPR
- District of Massachusetts | Update on Investigation into Brown University and Brookline Shootings - Department of Justice (.gov)
- The House GOP confronts a shocking loss and a difficult road ahead - Politico
- Europe gets warm words from US on Ukraine — but reliability fears loom - politico.eu
- A Jan. 6 plaque was made to honor law enforcement at the Capitol. Its whereabouts are unknown - PBS
- Why Trump Refused to Back Venezuela’s Machado: Fears of Chaos, and Fraying Ties - The New York Times
- Aldrich Ames, most damaging CIA traitor in agency history, dies at 84 - The Washington Post
- The LA wildfire victims still living in toxic homes: ‘We have nowhere else to go’ - The Guardian
- Buy Greenland? Take It? Why? An Old Pact Already Gives Trump a Free Hand. - The New York Times
- Trump’s plan to own the Western Hemisphere and Greenland is not what Americans want - CNN
- Jubilee: Rite for the closing of Holy Door at St. Peter’s Basilica - Vatican News
- What’s Your Reaction to the U.S. Military Operation in Venezuela? - The New York Times
- WBD once again rejects Paramount offer in favor of Netflix deal - CNBC
- Euro zone inflation hits 2% in December, in line with forecasts - CNBC
- Trump Policies Power U.S. Auto Sales to Best Year Since 2019 — Proving “Experts” Wrong (Again) - The White House (.gov)
- Ford reports best annual U.S. vehicle sales since 2019 - CNBC
- Asus finally gives its ROG Zephyrus Duo gaming laptop the true dual screens it deserves - The Verge
- HP’s EliteBoard G1a is a Ryzen-powered Windows 11 PC in a membrane keyboard - Ars Technica
- XGIMI, best known for projectors, launches its own smart glasses - Engadget
- The Newest Health Trend Is Tracking Your Pee - WIRED