# Top News Headlines

_Updated: 2026-06-07 16:31_

- At least 12 people shot at an Ohio festival and a search for suspects is still ongoing, police say - NPR
- David Lammy: I told JD Vance he was wrong about Henry Nowak murder - The Guardian
- Pete Hegseth’s D-day speech on immigration condemned as ‘grotesque stupidity’ - The Guardian
- Ukraine hits St. Petersburg again after Putin rejects talks - DW
- RFK Jr. Appears Disengaged on Many Health Department Matters Beyond Vaccines - The New York Times
- Trump doesn’t rule out giving Jan. 6 rioters who attacked police ‘anti-weaponization’ fund payouts - NBC News
- The U.S. fought the flesh-eating screwworm for decades. Now it must begin again. - NBC News
- They Vied for Trump’s Endorsement. Will It Matter? - The New York Times
- Trump says he wants his new acting director of national intelligence to cut the office - NBC4 Washington
- What to know about the ongoing protests and arrests outside a New Jersey detention center - AP News
- She was a first lady at 19. Now she’s making her fourth attempt to win Peru’s presidency - CNN
- More than a million people join Pope Leo for outdoor mass in Madrid - The Guardian
- US retaliates with airstrikes after Iran launches missiles and drones in weekend attacks - Fox News
- One killed, five wounded in shooting attack in Israel: Medics - Al Jazeera
- How can retail investors buy shares in SpaceX's IPO? - Reuters
- Harry's and Coterie owner Mammoth Brands has ambitions to be the next CPG giant - CNBC
- Trump: U.S. stake in AI giants "could be a beautiful thing" - Axios
- In 2025, Data Centers Used More Power Than Most Nations - Newser
- The Wearable Showdown: Oura Ring 5 vs. Fitbit Air vs. Whoop MG vs. Apple Watch - WSJ
- What to expect from WWDC 2026: Siri's highly anticipated revamp and Apple Intelligence updates - TechCrunch