# Top News Headlines

_Updated: 2025-09-06 05:15_

- Fact Sheet: President Donald J. Trump Restores the United States Department of War - The White House (.gov)
- South Koreans Are Swept Up in Immigration Raid at Hyundai Plant in Georgia - The New York Times
- Trump administration tells Abrego Garcia he now faces deportation to African country of Eswatini - CBS News
- Foreign troops in Ukraine would be considered 'legitimate targets' to Russia, Putin says - ABC News
- Judge rules ending protections for Venezuelan and Haitian migrants is unlawful - BBC
- How Chicago, Baltimore and New Orleans are reacting to Trump's National Guard threats - NPR
- Eric Adams refuses to exit NYC mayor race after reports of Trump job offer - Axios
- Democrat who called RFK Jr. a 'charlatan' says U.S. is vulnerable to next pandemic - NPR
- Defense Dept. warns Venezuela after its jets buzz U.S. Navy destroyer - The Washington Post
- Trump Didn’t Notify Congress About a High-Stakes SEALs Mission. That Could Be an Issue. - The New York Times
- Trump executive order targets nations that detain U.S. citizens - The Washington Post
- Angela Rayner resigns over tax as UK deputy PM in damaging blow to Keir Starmer - Reuters
- College of Charleston instructor among victims killed in Lisbon funicular crash - NBC News
- M23, Congolese forces may have committed war crimes in Congo, UN rights report finds - Reuters
- Anthropic to pay authors $1.5 billion to settle lawsuit over pirated books used to train AI chatbots - AP News
- Elon Musk Needs $1 Trillion in ‘Motivation,’ Says Tesla Board. The Stock Rises. - Barron's
- Powerball winners can opt for potentially "dangerous" lump sum or "safe bet" annual payments. An accountant gives advice. - CBS News
- A Second Weak Jobs Report Challenges Trump’s Claim the Economy Is Booming - The New York Times
- Get a free $100 gift card when you buy the Samsung Galaxy S25 FE at Amazon - Mashable
- OpenAI reorganizes research team behind ChatGPT’s personality - TechCrunch