# Top News Headlines

_Updated: 2026-03-01 00:55_

- Exclusive: Prior to Iran attacks, CIA assessed Khamenei could be replaced by hardline IRGC elements if killed, sources say - Reuters
- Fact-Checking Trump’s Justifications for Attacking Iran - The New York Times
- The Bloody Rise and Fall of Mexico’s Top Crime Boss - The New York Times - The New York Times
- ‘The most bitter news’: Iran reels as more than 80 children reportedly killed in school bombing - The Guardian
- Canceled contracts, a failed polygraph and personal disputes: Inside the turbulent tenure of Noem’s former cyber czar - Politico
- North Carolina Democrats latest to chart future of the party in congressional primary - NPR
- CBS News poll on Americans' views on Iran prior to conflict - CBS News
- Homicide investigation underway in L.A. after girl dies in alleged bullying incident - NBC News
- Queens Dems declare cloudy forecast for Mamdani's Sunnyside Yard housing plan - Gothamist
- President Trump launched strikes without Congress's approval. Lawmakers are responding - NPR
- Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei is dead, Trump says - dw.com
- Berkshire Hathaway’s Earnings Are Nearly Here. Greg Abel’s Letter Will Be Top of Mind for Investors. - Barron's
- Is AMD a Buy After Meta Deal? - The Motley Fool
- US wholesale prices arrive hotter than expected, up 0.5% from December and 2.9% from a year ago - AP News
- Jim Cramer Calls Nvidia's After-Hours Dip Is A 'Mistake,' Analyst Says Investors Now Expect Outsized Results Each Quarter - Yahoo Finance
- Xiaomi launches flagship smartphone as memory price surge threatens sales - CNBC
- Porsche responds after Resident Evil fans claim Leon will definitely destroy his Porsche in Resident Evil Requiem - Dexerto
- Are Samsung's best-ever buds a match for the mighty Sony WF-1000XM6? We test both to find out - What Hi-Fi?
- Her husband wanted to use ChatGPT to create sustainable housing. Then it took over his life. - The Guardian
- Controversy Over Jim Carrey's César Awards Appearance — Fans Insist It's Not Him - Yahoo