# Top News Headlines

_Updated: 2026-02-15 01:55_

- Trump officials condemned Don Lemon. He’s bigger than ever after arrest. - The Washington Post
- Which president had the lowest approval rating? It may not be who you think - USA Today
- Under oath and unredacted: The top political stories on Epstein this week - NPR
- Thousands Rally for Iran Regime Change in Cities Around the World - The New York Times
- New U.S. Boat Strike Kills 3 in the Caribbean - The New York Times
- Dr. Oz pushes AI avatars as a fix for rural health care. Not so fast, critics say - NPR
- TSA agents are working without pay at US airports due to another shutdown - AP News
- Heavy rain will soon hit parts of California and Oregon. Here’s when and where. - The Washington Post
- Zelenskiy says US too often asks Ukraine, not Russia, for concessions - Reuters
- Far right renews demand for Epstein answers after Bondi hearing - Axios
- Starmer Urges Europe to End Reliance on Trump’s America - Bloomberg.com
- Orbán slams 'Putin-ing’ as primitive and frivolous as he declares Brussels as the real threat - Euronews.com
- Can Bangladesh's new leader bring change after election landslide? - BBC
- After a 2-decade ban, kites fill Lahore's skies during a Pakistani springtime festival - NPR
- Meta Adding Facial Recognition to Its Smart Glasses That Identifies People in Real Time, Hoping the Public Is Too Distracted by Political Turmoil to Care - Futurism
- Ring Ends Deal to Link Neighborhood Cameras After Super Bowl Ad Backlash - The New York Times
- OpenAI and Anthropic spark coding revolution as developers abandoned traditional programming - Fortune
- Amazon’s Massive Presidents Day Sale Has Travel Gear as Low as $3—Save Up to 83% on Samsonite, Apple, and More - Travel + Leisure
- Full Pixel 10a specs leak with new Gorilla Glass – how it compares to Pixel 9a - 9to5Google
- Save $100 on Apple Watch Series 11, plus 28 other Apple Presidents Day deals - CNN