# Top News Headlines

_Updated: 2026-02-15 19:57_

- Iran says potential energy, mining and aircraft deals on table in talks with US - Reuters
- Trump’s Relentless Self-Promotion Fosters an American Cult of Personality - The New York Times
- Farmers Are Aging. Their Kids Don’t Want to Be in the Family Business. - The Wall Street Journal
- How the case against a Venezuelan man who was shot by an ICE agent fell apart - CNN
- Heavy rain will soon hit parts of California and Oregon. Here’s when and where. - The Washington Post
- Reddit, Meta, and Google Voluntarily Gave DHS Info of Anti-ICE Users, Report Says - Gizmodo
- In South Texas, the GOP immigration hard line is now political kryptonite - Politico
- Students Across the U.S. Are Protesting ICE. Texas Wants to Punish Their Schools. - The New York Times
- Rubio delivers MAGA's foreign policy doctrine in Munich - Axios
- In Minneapolis, Native American patrols keep watch – and see history repeating: ‘We are still being chased’ - The Guardian
- Trade or trap? Japan investors bet on Takaichi after landslide - Financial Times
- Crown prince urges the world to stand with the people of Iran as 250,000 rally in Munich - AP News
- How $40-a-Pack Cigarettes Pushed Australians to the Black Market - The New York Times
- Orban says EU bigger threat to Hungary than Russia - DW.com
- Want a mortgage for under 3% in 2026? Meet the 'assumable mortgage' - NPR
- Whether it's a mini-sabbatical or an adult gap year, more people are taking extended work breaks - AP News
- This Is What Destroying the Vaccine Market Looks Like - The Bulwark
- Why DRAM Shortages Are Pushing Micron (MU) Back Into the Spotlight - Yahoo Finance
- Save $100 on Apple Watch Series 11, plus 28 other Apple Presidents Day deals - CNN
- He spent decades perfecting his voice. Now he says Google stole it. - The Washington Post