# Top News Headlines

_Updated: 2026-02-15 21:05_

- Iran says potential energy, mining and aircraft deals on table in talks with US - Reuters
- How the case against a Venezuelan man who was shot by an ICE agent fell apart - CNN
- Trump’s Relentless Self-Promotion Fosters an American Cult of Personality - The New York Times
- Farmers Are Aging. Their Kids Don’t Want to Be in the Family Business. - The Wall Street Journal
- Trump has chipped away at the long-standing wall between church and state. It’s just the beginning - CNN
- More Than Ever, Videos Expose the Truth. And Cloud It, Too. - The New York Times
- Nancy Guthrie latest: Task force awaits forensic results as search enters third week - Fox News
- In South Texas, the GOP immigration hard line is now political kryptonite - Politico
- How Washington's crossing of the Delaware presaged a changing world - CBS News
- Texas Students Protest ICE Despite Gov. Greg Abbott’s Threats - The New York Times
- Trade or trap? Japan investors bet on Takaichi after landslide - Financial Times
- How $40-a-Pack Cigarettes Pushed Australians to the Black Market - The New York Times
- Ukraine Invasion Day 1,457: RU forces have had diminished strikes at the same tempo and depth - Daily Kos
- Want a mortgage for under 3% in 2026? Meet the 'assumable mortgage' - NPR
- Whether it's a mini-sabbatical or an adult gap year, more people are taking extended work breaks - AP News
- This Is What Destroying the Vaccine Market Looks Like - The Bulwark
- Why DRAM Shortages Are Pushing Micron (MU) Back Into the Spotlight - Yahoo Finance
- Report: Apple’s upcoming low-cost MacBook will come in ‘fun colors,’ launch next month - 9to5Mac
- Save $100 on Apple Watch Series 11, plus 28 other Apple Presidents Day deals - CNN
- He spent decades perfecting his voice. Now he says Google stole it. - The Washington Post