# Top News Headlines

_Updated: 2025-07-27 17:50_

- Israel says it will open humanitarian routes to allow aid convoys into Gaza - BBC
- Trump’s Scotland trip latest example of blending private business with presidential duties - CNN
- Man accused of stabbing 11 people at a Walmart in custody in Michigan - Politico
- Thailand and Cambodia agree to talks in Malaysia after four days of fighting - BBC
- His name is Mohammad Al-Motawaq. He is 18 months old. And he is starving in Gaza - NPR
- How Trump and trade wars pushed Russia and Ukraine into the cold - CNBC
- Researchers quietly planned a test to dim sunlight. They wanted to ‘avoid scaring’ the public. - Politico
- CWG Live updates: Hot today with strong storms possible; more heat through midweek - The Washington Post
- Epstein associate Ghislaine Maxwell secures DOJ "limited" immunity: News reports - Axios
- Trump’s effort to end birthright citizenship could have taken effect this weekend. Lower courts are continuing to block it - CNN
- ADF in DR Congo: IS-linked rebels accused of killing Christian worshippers in Komanda - BBC
- Early recognition of Palestine could be ‘counterproductive,’ Italy’s Meloni says - politico.eu
- Ex-US contractor says he saw IDF commit war crimes at aid sites; GHF rejects ‘false claims’ - The Times of Israel
- The rightwing media stoking culture wars in Germany - Financial Times
- 'He's showing up.' Things are getting better at Boeing under CEO Ortberg. Can he keep it going? - CNBC
- Zillow Is Growing When the Housing Market Is Frozen - The New York Times
- Here's a puzzling question: Why are stocks at record highs despite looming tariffs? - NPR
- Return of Meme Stock Mania Has Traders on Alert for Market Froth - Bloomberg.com
- iPhone 17 Pro Launching in Two Months With These 16 New Features - MacRumors
- Galaxy Z Fold 7 Review: So, are you ready to buy a foldable phone yet? - 9to5Google