# Top News Headlines

_Updated: 2026-04-05 13:58_

- Live updates: Iran war news; US forces rescue missing F-15 crew member, Trump says - CNN
- Trump threatens Iran with "hell" if Hormuz strait isn't open in 48 hours - Axios
- Trump files emergency appeal to keep building White House ballroom - The Washington Post
- Pope Leo XIV celebrates first Easter vigil, calls for harmony and peace in a world torn by war - politico.com
- Where Are NASA’s Artemis II Astronauts Now? Closer to the Moon Than Earth. - The New York Times
- Man charged with impaired driving after car plows into pedestrians during Louisiana parade: Authorities - ABC News
- In the West’s water war, Arizona's governor is betting on Trump — and Iran - politico.com
- $400 Bibles? Luxurious Scripture Is on the Rise. - The New York Times
- An Indiana man is poisoned with a root beer float. How a robbery revealed a sinister plot to kill - cbsnews.com
- Pam Bondi’s portrait found in trash hours after Trump fired her as attorney general - al.com
- China Built the World’s Drone Industry. Now It’s Locking Down the Skies. - The New York Times
- Five killed by Russian strike on market in frontline Ukrainian city - Reuters
- Satellite Firm Planet Labs To Indefinitely Withhold Iran War Images - HuffPost
- Trump gives Iran 48 hours to make a deal, as hunt goes on for missing US pilot - Yahoo
- United Airlines Cuts Perks in New Basic Polaris Business Fare - aviationa2z.com
- No, Says Economist, March US Jobs Report 'Is Not Good' - Common Dreams
- Easter 2026: Which Houston stores will be open and which will be closed? - KHOU
- Krugman talks oil, the speech; Phillips P. O'Brien - Trump has no way out; Blundell - Ukraine wins - Daily Kos
- Microsoft spent years pushing Copilot, but now it says don’t rely on it - Digital Trends
- LinkedIn Hidden Code Secretly Searches Your Browser for Installed Extensions - CyberSecurityNews