# Top News Headlines

_Updated: 2026-02-14 19:01_

- Inside the Debacle That Led to the Closure of El Paso’s Airspace - The New York Times
- Russia killed opposition leader Alexei Navalny using dart frog toxin, UK says - BBC
- Courts have ruled 4,400 times that ICE jailed people illegally. It hasn’t stopped. - Reuters
- Trump officials condemned Don Lemon. He’s bigger than ever after arrest. - The Washington Post
- Researcher skeptical of ‘Havana syndrome’ tested secret weapon on himself - The Washington Post
- Under oath and unredacted: The top political stories on Epstein this week - NPR
- TSA agents are working without pay at US airports due to another shutdown - AP News
- Buddhist monks vs. Trump’s fake “Board of Peace” - Salon.com
- Trump Erased the Endangerment Finding. Here Come the Lawsuits. - The New York Times
- Don’t forget: All post office locations to close, mail won’t be delivered - MLive.com
- After a 2-decade ban, kites fill Lahore's skies during a Pakistani springtime festival - NPR
- What's next for Cuba? Trump turns the screws as the island runs out of jet fuel - CNBC
- Sydney police to be investigated by watchdog after anti-Herzog protest violence - BBC
- Trump’s creation: A Europe that spends more on defense — and can stand up to the US - politico.eu
- Prestige cracks: BMW, Benz, Audi slash prices as China’s luxury market turns local - CarNewsChina.com
- ‘A different set of rules’: thermal drone footage shows Musk’s AI power plant flouting clean air regulations - The Guardian
- OpenAI and Anthropic spark coding revolution as developers abandoned traditional programming - Fortune
- Amazon’s stock just clinched its worst losing streak in nearly 20 years. It’s giving investors AWS déjà vu. - MarketWatch
- Apple Presidents' Day sales: Get the Apple Watch Series 11 for $299, plus more deals to shop this weekend - Engadget
- ChatGPT promised to help her find her soulmate. Then it betrayed her - NPR