# Top News Headlines

_Updated: 2026-02-14 21:03_

- Russia killed opposition leader Alexei Navalny using toxin from dart frog, UK says - BBC
- Inside the Debacle That Led to the Closure of El Paso’s Airspace - The New York Times - The New York Times
- Courts have ruled 4,400 times that ICE jailed people illegally. It hasn’t stopped. - Reuters
- Dr. Oz pushes AI avatars as a fix for rural health care. Not so fast, critics say - NPR
- Trump officials condemned Don Lemon. He’s bigger than ever after arrest. - The Washington Post
- US launches airstrikes on dozens of Islamic State targets in Syria - The Guardian
- Trump Erased the Endangerment Finding. Here Come the Lawsuits. - The New York Times
- Tahoe snowstorm could make travel ‘impossible,’ officials warn - San Francisco Chronicle
- ‘Tax the Rich’ Rally Is Expected to Draw a Big Crowd. But Not Mamdani. - The New York Times - The New York Times
- Don’t forget: All post office locations to close, mail won’t be delivered - MLive.com
- After a 2-decade ban, kites fill Lahore's skies during a Pakistani springtime festival - NPR
- Iran’s crown prince says survival of Tehran government ‘sends a clear signal to every bully’ - AP News
- Live: Russians suffering 'crazy losses' in Ukraine, NATO chief Rutte tells Munich conference - France 24
- Sydney police to be investigated by watchdog after anti-Herzog protest violence - BBC
- Prestige cracks: BMW, Benz, Audi slash prices as China’s luxury market turns local - CarNewsChina.com
- The Goldilocks economy, if you don't look too close - Axios
- 40 Epics Sales to Shop This President’s Day Weekend - Gear Patrol
- Amazon’s stock just clinched its worst losing streak in nearly 20 years. It’s giving investors AWS déjà vu. - MarketWatch
- Full Pixel 10a specs leak with new Gorilla Glass – how it compares to Pixel 9a - 9to5Google
- Apple Presidents' Day sales: Get the Apple Watch Series 11 for $299, plus more deals to shop this weekend - Engadget