# Top News Headlines

_Updated: 2026-02-14 21:52_

- Inside the Debacle That Led to the Closure of El Paso’s Airspace - The New York Times - The New York Times
- New careers, relocations and medical problems: How ex-federal workers’ lives have been upended since DOGE - CNN
- Courts have ruled 4,400 times that ICE jailed people illegally. It hasn’t stopped. - Reuters
- Dr. Oz pushes AI avatars as a fix for rural health care. Not so fast, critics say - NPR
- Why The SAVE America Act Could Create New Obstacles For Millions Of Voters - Forbes
- Trump officials condemned Don Lemon. He’s bigger than ever after arrest. - The Washington Post
- Tahoe snowstorm could make travel ‘impossible,’ officials warn - San Francisco Chronicle
- The plot twist shaking Los Angeles - Politico
- Saturday's threat of severe weather increases for Houston, Weather Impact Alert issued - KHOU
- ICE Tried to Justify a Minneapolis Shooting. Its Story Unraveled. - The New York Times
- Can Bangladesh's new leader bring change after election landslide? - BBC
- After a 2-decade ban, kites fill Lahore's skies during a Pakistani springtime festival - NPR
- Sydney police to be investigated by watchdog after anti-Herzog protest violence - BBC
- What's next for Cuba? Trump turns the screws as the island runs out of jet fuel - CNBC
- Presidents' Day sales 2026: The best tech deals to shop this weekend from Apple, Sony, Anker and others - Engadget
- The Goldilocks economy, if you don't look too close - Axios
- ‘A different set of rules’: thermal drone footage shows Musk’s AI power plant flouting clean air regulations - The Guardian
- Pennsylvania jury finds Johnson & Johnson liable for cancer in latest talc trial - Reuters
- What it’s like to go on a date with an AI in NYC - CNN
- Full Pixel 10a specs leak with new Gorilla Glass – how it compares to Pixel 9a - 9to5Google