# Top News Headlines

_Updated: 2026-02-14 22:57_

- TSA agents are working without pay at US airports due to another shutdown - AP News
- Inside the Debacle That Led to the Closure of El Paso’s Airspace - The New York Times - The New York Times
- New careers, relocations and medical problems: How ex-federal workers’ lives have been upended since DOGE - CNN
- Dr. Oz pushes AI avatars as a fix for rural health care. Not so fast, critics say - NPR
- Trump officials condemned Don Lemon. He’s bigger than ever after arrest. - The Washington Post
- ICE Tried to Justify a Minneapolis Shooting. Its Story Unraveled. - The New York Times
- Trump Erased the Endangerment Finding. Here Come the Lawsuits. - The New York Times
- Who pays for Newsom’s travel? Hint: It’s not always taxpayers - Los Angeles Times
- Far right renews demand for Epstein answers after Bondi hearing - Axios
- Saturday's threat of severe weather increases for Houston, Weather Impact Alert issued - KHOU
- Can Bangladesh's new leader bring change after election landslide? - BBC
- Sydney police to be investigated by watchdog after anti-Herzog protest violence - BBC
- What's next for Cuba? Trump turns the screws as the island runs out of jet fuel - CNBC
- Trump administration urges nations to call for the withdrawal of a UN climate proposal - AP News
- The Goldilocks economy, if you don't look too close - Axios
- Ford CEO, Trump Officials Discussed China-US Carmaking JVs - Yahoo Finance
- A sudden DOJ departure is stoking fear that Trump’s populist antitrust movement is dead - Politico
- OpenAI and Anthropic spark coding revolution as developers abandoned traditional programming - Fortune
- What it’s like to go on a date with an AI in NYC - CNN
- The biggest gaming series are going indie. Could it save the games industry? - Polygon